v7.3.6 (#47409)
mui-org/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 7.3.6

<!-- generated comparing v7.3.5..master -->

> _Dec 2, 2025_

Author: ```suggestion
_Dec 3, 2025_
```

- [Autocomplete] Remove unnecessary `filterSelectedOptions` dependency from `syncHighlightedIndex` useCallback (#47378) @ZeeshanTamboli
- [Autocomplete] Fix input caret not showing when focusing after chip navigation (#47249) @vrachuri28
- [Autocomplete] Fix ArrowLeft crash when value is not set with single-value rendering (#47214) @rithik56
- [Button] Fix running formAction when passed (#47185) @sai6855
- [Chip] Remove leftover closing parenthesis in CSS class key (#47345) @ZeeshanTamboli
- [ListItem] Add `secondaryAction` slot to `ListItem` (#47399) @sai6855
- [NumberField] Fix scroll behavior (#47397) @oliviertassinari
- [Select] Fix keyboard navigation while rendering in shadow DOM (#47380) @xBlizZer
- [Select] Fix cannot pass certain event handlers (#47366) @ZeeshanTamboli
- [Slider] Accept readonly array for `marks` prop (#47370) @pcorpet
- [Snackbar] Avoid unnecessary `ownerState` spread into `useSnackbar` (#47373) @ZeeshanTamboli
- [TextField] Allow custom props in slot props via TS module augmentation (#47367)@kumarvishwajeettrivedi
- [Tabs] Fix Arrow key navigation failing when component is rendered in shadow DOM (#47178) @sai6855

> - Fix theme apply styles typings for custom color scheme (#47242) @akankshahu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix typings for theme `applyStyles` with custom color schemes (#47242) @akankshahu
```
